Main idea:
    DnD-like text-based adventure game
    Single player goes into a dungeon? Big-ass tree with hollows inside big enough for a player to get into? Castle? Cave? Abandoned (name of language here) temple?
        Tree sounds fun
    They are piecemeal provided a dictionary of Ccaizhdi (txt.file) throughout the game

Puzzle ideas:
    Rotate columns with three (same) words printed on the each of three sides of the column, player rotates them to make a grammatical sentence
    Language/cultural riddle
    Present an object that matches the word printed on an altar/archway/door to activate it
    Find a common parameter across words 
    Create a name for themselves, swear fealty to that language's cult
    Connect semantically similar words (provided a dictionary)
    1. Utter a word that matches the picture on an altar/archway/door to activate it
    Jump only on the tiles that match a specific criteria (i.e. those with 3rd person subjects)
    Arrange tokens with words on them to create sentences commanding the door/whatever to Open

    BONUS puzzle: Can be a derivation of the above (maybe hidden as a visual/seemingly irrelevant choice, like '5: Check out the pile of rocks.')
    BONUS puzzle: Something with ASL and/or Irish

Reinforcement ideas (when the player gets the language right): 
    Open a gate/door/trapdoor/etc.
    Heal up
    Get an item
    Get a positive magical effect (prevent negative effects from happening if miss on a puzzle)
    Get a book with clues for and of the upcoming puzzles (doesn't have to be directly next)
    Avoid enemies? So losing a puzzle means having to fight
    Get a sidekick undead Ccaizhdi goblinoid that helps (would have to be a really difficult puzzle)
    Nothing happens.
    A mirage occurs of the zenith of the long-lost Ccaizhdi tree-orc civilization

Punishment ideas:
    Trap: flames/darts/poison
    Release a monster (that may die with the right language utterance) 
    Trapdoor back to one or two puzzles behind, have to do it again with different words
    Negative magical effect (having to utter a word/sentence more when facing a monster)
    Condemnation of the Ccaizhdi priest-queen's spirit (maybe for the last puzzle?)
        Great. Absolutely great!