opening.txt - A warm breeze washes over your face. It carries a strange, sweet grassy smell. This continues until you finally feel bothered enough to be roused from your deep sleep. You open your eyes to directly stare into another pair of eyes, a pair of honey-colored, bloodshot eyes.

The warm breeze turned out to be the bearded figure's breath, emanating from a set of rotting teeth. The grassy aroma doesn't smell as sweet anymore.

The begrizzled face pants, "Keep it... alive." He stands up, sniffs the air, and hobbles away, with his fur wrappings trailing behind him. Within moments, traces of the druid's presence disappeared. 

afterdruid.txt - Only one thing was left behind, a large dusty tome with a peeling spine laid rest on your lap. You didn't feel it rest there. What do you do?
    1. afterdruidcommands.1.txt - Throw off your blanket and chase the druid.
        chaseafterdruid.txt - You cast off your bedroll blanket, causing the tome to tumble and its spine tear a bit more. You brandish your dirk and chase after the druid in the general direction he ran off. After a few moments of wildly missing and hitting branches, you slowly realize that it was a naught cause. You return to your bedsite, where you were resting on a journey to see your grandkin. What do you do?
            1. Open the tome. 
    2. afterdruidcommands.2.txt - Open the tome.
        opentome.txt - You slowly open the tome, taking care to support the decaying spine. From the pages, you see mirages of detailed symbols in systematic patterns. It is all overwhelming, but you have a sense of importance now. 
    3. afterdruidcommands.3.txt - Pack up and leave the tome behind, never to see it again.
        decaytome.txt - The tome decays with the recurring rain and vanishes. You lose. 

tome.txt - You leaf through the wavery pages, your fingerprints seem to leave behind oily marks that mar the pages. You repeatedly see figures of a large tree, seemingly with paths that criss-cross its trunk body. You get the impression this is a godly place.

An yellowing attachment falls out from in between the pages. You take it and open it to reveal a map leading to the tree. It is not of the same ink nor handwriting as the tome. You configure your position depending on the map and see that it is of a strikingly close position to where you currently are. What do you do?
    1. tome.1.txt - Pack up camp and head to the aforementioned tree.
        findtree.txt - You quickly figure out from your position in the meadow that the tree takes shape as the tallest tree in the region, with the tree canopy rising about an hour's hike away. You pack up and hike towards the tree.
    2. tome.2.txt - Ignore and bury the tome. 
        wormstome.txt - Over the years, worms and bacteria eat away at the tome, leaving it an indistinguishable mess. You lose. 

hiketotree.txt (same as above) - You follow the directions as indicated by the attachment, and with your adept tracking skills, you begin to see a web of faded, overgrown paths leading to the tree. There is a faded path leading up to the branch and another one leading to the body of the godly tree. What do you do?
    1. hiketotree.1.txt - Climb up onto the branch.
        branchtoentrance.txt - You clamber up onto the sturdy branch, and the only way it leads is to the tree trunk. You continue that way, up and up to near the canopy level. You approach a massive, cavernous hole in the trunk.
    2. hiketotree.2.txt - Continue onwards to the tree trunk. 
        atbaseoftree.txt - You continue onwards to the main body of the tree. As you approach, you see multitudes of pegs encroaching the main body in a ladder-like fashion. What do you do?
            1. atbaseoftree.1.txt - Go back to where the branch meets the ground.
            2. atbaseoftree.2.txt - Climb the ladders.
                climbtree.txt - You climb the treacherous ladders. The pegs show wear from thousands of footsteps, but still show a layer of lichen, showing its disuse. You arrive at an intersection of a sturdy branch and a massive, cavernous hole in the trunk.

mouthdrop.txt - You climb the treacherous ladders. The pegs show wear from thousands of footsteps, but still show a layer of lichen, showing its disuse. You arrive at an intersection of a sturdy branch and a massive, cavernous hole in the trunk. Your mouth drops as you realize the magnitude of this hole. It can easily fit an entire inn inside! Through two sets of steps leading downstairs, you see a landing with a regal carved door at the bottom.

You hold the wall as you step down the right side of the stairs, leading down to this majestic hall. You step into the center of the landing to take full sight of the door. 
                
The door, although made of the same stout material as the tree, looked steely. Depictions of weapons - spears, morningstars, and daggers enameled the door. Figures who held them had broad noses and jutting jaws, with canines exposed. Those figures held up their bodies and weapons proudly, leading the way up to the center of the door, where a veiled figure lay transcended above all. Rays shone from her. 

wordsondoor.txt - Above the priest-queen, you make out strings of symbols that resembles the languages of Thithwen and Paaldrin. The symbols spell out 'ibo' and 'isha'. You recognize those words, and open your tome. What do you make out the words to say?
    1. wordsondoor.1.txt - 'Desire me'
        silentdoor.txt - You hear nothing. The door is silent. 
    2. wordsondoor.2.txt - 'War creates'
        silentdoor.txt - You hear nothing. The door is silent.
    3. wordsondoor.3.txt - 'Pray to me'
        entermaindoor.txt - You rifle through the pages and arrive to the incomplete dictionary. You absentmindedly whisper, 'ibo'... 'isha'... You hear a click and a groaning sound coming from behind. You look back to the entrance from where you came from and freeze - the tree flesh on the sides of the entrance you had just went through splinters and engorges as sap rapidly oozes out of it. You remain planted on the sinewy floor, paralyzed at this unthinkable feat. A last ray of dappled sunlight tantalizes your face and disappears as the entrance closes with a final groan, sealing your fate.  
    4. wordsondoor.4.txt - 'Nothing is dead'
       silentdoor.txt -  You hear nothing. The door is silent. 

maindooropen.txt - In the blackness, you begin to be unable to feel your body. Your hand accidentally hits your cheek, and your knee surreptitously bowed, launching you face-forward to the floor matted with wooden fiber. Instantly, you hear a booming rasp that seemed to magnify exponentially as it continued.

'CCAIZHDI HAI FAI,
ZHAIF MA'REZH RE-TAI,
AEHLUB XIG ZAI-FAI;
MA'IAGI IFST HAI NAE?'

'We are Ccaizhdi,
Bringer of necessary war,
People among gods;
what is your story?'

What do you say? 
    TEXTBOX

maindooropensforreal.txt - As soon as you finish uttering your story, the door cracks in half and swings outward. A pillar of light appears and illuminates the sweat on your cheeks. You roll over and pathetically crawl on your elbows and knees towards the light. You put your head down and manage to make a considerable distance until you arrive at a patch that wasn't blinding. You look up and see a gargantuan pipe leading from above to a large lantern that was enclosed on all sides except one. You slowly realize that it was sunlight that was tunneled down the tree and mirrored out of the lantern.

The technology just to tunnel down sunlight is unfathomable to you. You arise and stand there for a bit, scrutinizing the details of the contraption.

firstpuzzle.txt - Satisfied with your survey, you turn and see a regal staircase leading down. Moss and thick root-like vines cover the stairs. It abruptly ends at the edge of another door. This one is normal-sized, oddly enough. It is made of white oak, meaning it is not of this tree. Above it, on its frame, rests a depiction of a tree. What do you do?
    1. firstpuzzle.1.txt - Try the door knob.
        nobudge.txt - It doesn't even budge. It feels like it is made of stone.
    2. firstpuzzle.2.txt - Kick it down.
        nobudge.txt - It doesn't even budge. It feels like it is made of stone.
    3. firstpuzzle.3.txt - Utter something.
        firstpuzzleutter.txt - What do you utter?
            1. firstpuzzleutter.1.txt - 'Ccimhai'
                firstpuzzleright.txt - You utter the Ccaizhdi word for tree and are taken aback by a resounding BOOM. The door in front of you fell forward to reveal an even smaller door several steps away. There are braziers lining the hallway. 
            2. firstpuzzleutter.2.txt - 'Zhaib'
                firstpuzzlewrong.txt - You utter the word. Silence looms over you as stand at the bottom of the stairs. All of a sudden, a wall of water erupts from the top of the stairs and torrents down the stairs towards your defenseless body, ultimately ramming you against the door. You bruise your knees. You lose 1 HP.
            3. firstpuzzleutter.3.txt - 'Ae'
                firstpuzzlewrong.txt - You utter the word. Silence looms over you as stand at the bottom of the stairs. All of a sudden, a wall of water erupts from the top of the stairs and torrents down the stairs towards your defenseless body, ultimately ramming you against the door. You bruise your knees. You lose 1 HP.
            4. firstpuzzleutter.4.txt - 'Ccae'
                firstpuzzlewrong.txt - You utter the word. Silence looms over you as stand at the bottom of the stairs. All of a sudden, a wall of water erupts from the top of the stairs and torrents down the stairs towards your defenseless body, ultimately ramming you against the door. You bruise your knees. You lose 1 HP.

secondpuzzle.txt - The smaller door is painted a dark, slick black. However the firelight flickering on the door revealed its redness. You realize that the door was painted with blood. Hopefully not of halflings like you. 

The door doesn't have any knob nor does it look like it opens like a regular hinged door. There seems to be no obvious symbology of any kind. What do you do? 
    1. secondpuzzle.1.txt - Gaze into the brazier.
        gazebrazier.txt - You let your eyes relax and go into a trance gazing at the brazier. You let your body relax and lean slowly into the brazier. You snap out of the trance as soon as you feel the brazier edge singing against the skin on your chest. It had burned through your clothes! You lose 1 HP.
    2. secondpuzzle.2.txt - Sit down in the hallway and wait for death to come.
        waitfordeath.txt - You sit down in the hallway and whimper for death. The knowledge contained in the tome dies with your last heart beat. You lose.
    3. secondpuzzle.3.txt - Scrape the blood off the door with your dirk.
        scrapeblood.txt - You take out your prized dirk and sink it into the blood paint. It is at least an inch thick. You hope desperately that this is just the blood of creatures and monstrosities, not of intelligent creatures like you. You pull down, and the blood squelches and rolls down somewhat neatly. This reveals a pattern of three tokens with different symbols on them lined vertically on the left. At the bottom of all is a horizontal configuration of three other tokens with different symbols on each. You quickly figure out that the horizontal tokens are able to be moved into the empty slots directly opposing the vertically lined tokens. 
    4. secondpuzzle.4.txt - Utter something.
        secondpuzzleutter.txt - What do you utter?
            1. secondpuzzleutter.1.txt - 'Ñomheb'
            2. secondpuzzleutter.2.txt - 'Ix'
            3. secondpuzzleutter.3.txt - 'Igo hluf bo'
            4. secondpuzzleutter.4.txt - 'Hozhxizh'
        secondpuzzleutterall.txt - You utter the word. Nothing happens. You feel like a fool. 

secondpuzzletokens.txt - The three vertical tokens listed on the left read: 'HLE', 'ZAI', 'CCIMHAI'. The moveable horizontal tokens read: 'XAEX', 'PAE', 'AEHLUB'. You guess that the three empty token slots opposing the vertical slots can be filled by the moveable horizontal slots. In what order do you place them, from top to bottom?
    1. secondpuzzletokens.1.txt - 'PAE', 'AEHLUB', 'CCIMHAI'
        secondpuzzletokenright.txt - You arrange the tokens in their respective order. As the last token slid into place, you feel warmth emanating from the tokens and an invisible mechanism in the door turns the tokens. The door simply fades into non-existence. You wave your hand past the plane of the door and it passes. You tentatively try with your foot, and it likewise passes. You step past the doorway. There is yet another set of stairs leading down, this time, the stairs are made of caustic and austere stone. They're almost slippery.
    2. secondpuzzletokens.2.txt - 'AEHLUB', 'PAE', 'CCIMHAI'
        secondpuzzletokenwrong.txt - You arrange the tokens in their respective order. Or so you thought. Your feet sense a massive shift of the floor. You look down just in time as you are swallowed by a tight slide. Your body torpedoes through the tunnel, which vomits you right back at the landing, before the wooden door with the armed figures. The entrance from outside is still closed. 
            wordsondoor.txt
    3. secondpuzzletokens.3.txt - 'CCIMHAI', 'PAE', 'AEHLUB'
        secondpuzzletokenwrong.txt - You arrange the tokens in their respective order. Or so you thought. Your feet sense a massive shift of the floor. You look down just in time as you are swallowed by a tight slide. Your body torpedoes through the tunnel, which vomits you right back at the landing, before the wooden door with the armed figures. The entrance from outside is still closed. 
            wordsondoor.txt
    4. secondpuzzletokens.4.txt - 'AEHLUB', 'CCIMHAI', 'PAE'
        secondpuzzletokenwrong.txt - You arrange the tokens in their respective order. Or so you thought. Your feet sense a massive shift of the floor. You look down just in time as you are swallowed by a tight slide. Your body torpedoes through the tunnel, which vomits you right back at the landing, before the wooden door with the armed figures. The entrance from outside is still closed. 
            wordsondoor.txt

beforethirdpuzzle.txt - After a length of time that causes you feeling like you would step down into eternity, you arrive at a short hallway leading to a large room. You step into the room and observe your surroundings. Your heart skips a beat.

What you see is essentially a bridge. The sides of the path fade into nothingness. You reckon if you fell one way or another, you wouldn't die. You would just fall, fall, fall, and fall until you die of starvation. The lifeless husk of your body would just keep falling ad infinitum.

thirdpuzzle.txt - You shake off that wild imagination and perceive that the bridge is made of hexagonal tiles connecting to each other. You again see some symbology on them, but they're too far to read. Your eyes attempt to peruse, landing at your feet, where a Ccaizhdi statement lies, 'MA'IBAI XURAG HAI NAE?' There are three tiles in front of you with different words on each. What do you do?
    1. thirdpuzzle.1.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Faeb'.
        thirdpuzzlefirsttilewrong.txt - You step on the tile. The tile slowly glows into a reddish color. You stand mystified until you feel your soles heating up. You shriek and jump back. You lose 1 HP. 
    2. thirdpuzzle.2.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Gazh'.
        thirdpuzzlefirsttileright.txt - You step on the center tile. Nothing happens. There are three other tiles in front of you. 
    3. thirdpuzzle.3.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Hi'.
        thirdpuzzlefirsttilewrong.txt - You step on the tile. The tile slowly glows into a reddish color. You stand mystified until you feel your soles heating up. You shriek and jump back. You lose 1 HP. 

thirdpuzzlesecondtile.txt - Which tile do you step on next?
    1. thirdpuzzlesecondtile.1.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Mae'.
        thirdpuzzlesecondtilewrong.txt - You step on the tile. The tile slowly glows into a yellowish color. You stand mystified until you feel your soles heating up. You shriek and jump back. You lose 2 HP.
    2. thirdpuzzlesecondtile.2.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Ppi'.
        thirdpuzzlesecondtilewrong.txt - You step on the tile. The tile slowly glows into a yellowish color. You stand mystified until you feel your soles heating up. You shriek and jump back. You lose 2 HP.
    3. thirdpuzzlesecondtile.3.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Uzhmim'.
        thirdpuzzlesecondtileright.txt - You step on the right tile. Nothing happens. There are two other tiles in front of you, one directly ahead and the other to your left. To your right is the precipice leading to an infinite submission to gravity. 

thirdpuzzlethirdtile.txt - Which tile do you step on next?
    1. thirdpuzzlethirdtile.1.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Ttaesh ma Atai'.
        thirdpuzzlethirdtileright.txt - You step on the center tile. Nothing happens. There are three other tiles in front of you.
    2. thirdpuzzlethirdtile.2.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Gaesh ma Sitai'.
        thirdpuzzlethirdtilewrong.txt - You step on the tile. The tile slowly glows into a purplish color. You stand mystified until you feel your soles heating up. You shriek and jump back. You lose 3 HP.
    3. thirdpuzzlethirdtile.3.txt - Step off the tile into impending darkness. 
        falltodeath.txt - You step off the tile into the yawning darkness. As you launch forward, the tome, with the help of the howling wind from down below, falls out of your hands and onto the bridge, where it is never opened again. You lose. 

thirdpuzzlefourthtile.txt - Which tile do you step on next? You can see that this is the last row of tiles. Your heartbeat quickens. ###These are only names, to mess around with the player.###
    1. thirdpuzzlefourthtile.1.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Haifnix'.
        haifnix.txt - You curse at the incomplete tome and make an absolutely wild guess. This could cost your life, you were aware. You swallow and step on the tile. Nothing happens.A

                        All of a sudden, above the archway leading into a hallway, you see glowing vines come together to form words, Ccaizhdi words! They glow, 'HAIFNIX, IGAF HUI BO'.
    2. thirdpuzzlefourthtile.2.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Shexgozh'.
        shexgozh.txt - You curse at the incomplete tome and make an absolutely wild guess. This could cost your life, you were aware. You swallow and step on the tile. Nothing happens.A

                        All of a sudden, above the archway leading into a hallway, you see glowing vines come together to form words, Ccaizhdi words! They glow, 'SHEXGOZH, IGAF HUI BO'
    3. thirdpuzzlefourthtile.3.txt - Step on the tile that says 'Magai'.
        magai.txt - You curse at the incomplete tome and make an absolutely wild guess. This could cost your life, you were aware. You swallow and step on the tile. Nothing happens.A

                        All of a sudden, above the archway leading into a hallway, you see glowing vines come together to form words, Ccaizhdi words! They glow, 'MAGAI, IGAF HUI BO'

finishthirdpuzzle.txt - You wonder what that last word you just chose mean. You got over the bridge at least, you happily think to yourself. The ceiling of the hallway opens up to a banquet room. Except that there are no tables, but rather rows of benches up above, like at a coliseum, where they watch gladiators die.

Once you fully take in your surroundings, the number of things to do overwhelm you. The monotony of the journey thus far has dulled you. Here, there is a burnt door at the top of the stairs, a barrel at the bottom, a tunnel to even further down below, and a majestic gilded door.

You walk up to the gilded door and you quickly figure out the symbols directly on the center - they say, 'VAB XAE ****'. You notice a table with a golden chalice next to it. You also notice of a strange trap-like podium in the center of the room. The ceiling is immensely high, glinting from above.

fourthpuzzle.txt - What do you do?
    1. fourthpuzzle.1.txt - Walk up to ...
        whattowalkto.txt - What do you walk up to?
            1. whattowalkto.1.txt - The burnt door.
                dodoburnt.txt - What do you do?
                    1. dodoburnt.1.txt - Open it.
                        flamestrap.txt - Flames burst out and lick at you. You lose 2 HP. You imagine that you hear faint laughing. 
                    2. dodoburnt.2.txt - Leave.
                        fourthpuzzle.txt
            2. whattowalkto.2.txt - The barrel at the bottom of the stairs.
                dodobarrel.txt - What do you do?
                    1. dodobarrel.1.txt - Open it.
                        openbarrel.txt - With an oof, you pry open the barrel cover and gaze down at a twig-like creature. It chirps and dashes directly towards you. You didn't have a chance to pull it off your face before it went down your gullet. You cough and cough, but gain 1 HP!
                    2. dodobarrel.2.txt - Hack at it with your dirk.
                        hack at barrel.txt - You hack at it, yelling. All that remains are splinters. You hear a whispering cry. You examine the remains and can't find anything.
            3. whattowalkto.3.txt - The tunnel.
                dodotunnel.txt - What do you do?
                    1. dodotunnel.1.txt - Get in it.
                        slide.txt - You arrange your legs inside the tunnel. You push yourself off, and you promptly get dumped at the beginning of the landing. 
                            wordsondoor.txt
                    2. dodotunnel.2.txt - Leave.
            4. whattowalkto.4.txt - The gilded door.
                dododoor.txt - What do you do?
                    1. dododoor.1.txt - Chant the words on the door.
                        chantwords.txt - You hear nothing but a faint cheering. 
                    2. dododoor.2.txt - Raise the golden chalice.
                        raisechalice.txt - You encapsulate the chalice with your filthy hands and raise it. You peer in it and it is magically filling with wine! Wine! You eagerly want to show it to someone, but see a gate in the distance creakily raising. You see a set of horns you've seen in literature... Those hooves... Those hands... Out comes a monstrosity donning an ox's head, a man's body, and the legs of a bull. The minotaur exhales forcefully and courses towards you, his battle ax swinging. You, being a laughable puny halfling, faint unceremoniously under the unmerciful minotaur's gaze.  The tome is dashed to bits by the minotaur who then eats it as fodder. You lose.
    2. fourthpuzzle.2.txt - Get on ...
        getonwhat.txt - What do you get on?
            1. getonwhat.1.txt - The barrel.
                standbarrel.txt - You stand on it. You look like a fool.
            2. getonwhat.2.txt - The trap-like podium at the center of the room.
                wingame.txt - You tentatively step on the trap-like podium at the center of the room. You hear a booming voice that amplified towards the end of every word, 'ZAI HAI IGO!' Blinding light envelopes your fragile body and suddenly, you feel yourself rising and being imbued with the most pleasant, magical energy you've ever felt...
    
wingame2.txt - Opening your eyes, you come to realize you no longer reside on the plane of complacency. In front of you levitates the same priest-queen you saw engraved on the massive wooden doors at the entrance. Her eyes are purple and cashew-shaped, glaring benevolently at you. You do not know how but you command your body to rise to her level and approach her. A swell of incense, infused into her body, washes over you. You can see her hands, ornately decorated with filigrees of purple and gold, reaching up to cradle your face. You close your eyes, submitting to her draw. You now breathe, see, and walk on the plane of veneration. You have this feeling deep down in your gut that assures the world of your godliness. Turning around, you address a monumental crowd of Ccaizhdi peoples, jaws bellowing and weapons thumping against shields. You utter your name - 'Ccaizhdi-zai'!


